My name is Qiu Fei Fei
This year I am 28 years old.
He is a game designer.
At the same time
I am also a heavy housewife.
My only passion
Is to pay for paper that people like
And also.
I do not care.
I have no interest.
Hello
My mom
How dare you call me mom?
Chhiv Vivi
How old are you this year?
I am 30 years old after the new year
Not yet in love
Do you want to make your mother worried about death?
O God!
How many times have I told you?
I am only 28 years old.
How am I thirty?
I do not care.
Anyway, should take me as a girlfriend this year
Otherwise do not return
I'm busy at work
You idiot
If you are no longer in the Spring Festival
Do not call me mom
Can not fall in love.
It can not exist in this life.
But in this world.
There is nothing that cannot be solved by money.
If any
I do not have to fill much.
Aunt aunt
Aunt
Do you know students at Drama Academy?
I want
Rent a couple
Good treatment.
Let me figure it out.
Can you find this?
Yes
Look at this.
What do you think?
Is he handsome enough?
Are you satisfied?
Only
Normal.
I cheated a lot now
Who knows his true form?
Do you want to check the goods on the website?
Good
I will help you call for an interview now
I listen
I do not know when you will be healed.
When will you be healed?
Welcome
My name is Ji Xuan
What do you think?
Beautiful real man
As far as i know
He is the most popular actor in the world.
Price
Slightly more expensive
What do you think?
I will pay
But I can not rent this one?
No need for an interview?
No
Now
Immediately
You can sign up immediately
That's right.
Before signing
I want to remind you of something
What's the matter?
Do not fall in love with me
What is this?
So
I spent a lot of money to hire a couple
One thousand yuan salary
Lease period
Three days
Take a quick look
That.
She is my mother
Old house
O God!
This is Kaku's lover
Xiao Song
I'm back at Spring Festival
Xiao Song quickly called the lady of the room
Lady Fang
Happy year
O God!
This child is very obedient.
Very heavy bag of rice
You have to take it.
Vivi is about to turn 30 in the new year.
O God!
You do not have a boyfriend.
I can not get married if I do not find
If he does not find
Let Xiao Song
To introduce her
My aunt
I am twenty-eight years old, not yet thirty years old.
O God!
VV
Women change at age eighteen
More beautiful
My aunt
This is it.
Kaku Xiao Song Couple
This is my beloved Ji Xuan
Happy New Year everyone
My name is Ji Xuan
Good
God bless you.
Eat more
Free Gee
Eat more food
Eat more
Drink plenty of rice wine.
Thank you aunt
Do not call me aunt
Call me mom directly
My mom
To come
Eat lots of food.
You can not stay.
ជ
It's a big holiday
Come to our house
What does your family think?
My dad
Do not worry at all.
When i was young
My parents are dead
I have no relatives.
So i
I made that decision.
Let's go
What is this guy all of a sudden?
Xiao J
He came to our house at the Spring Festival
Why do you ask so much?
Watch your words.
Our wedding order.
I can not ask for more.
Drink fast
It's just a few times a year
I warn you.
Today after you drink, tomorrow do not drink
Good
Please come
We are happy today
Let's get drunk
Good
To you
Another cup
Do not stop me
I can still drink.
My head hurts
Your father and I are drunk
You worked hard
You worked hard and rested in the morning
No need to clean the table, I will clean tomorrow
I can still drink.
No, I do not feel dizzy.
I feel dizzy
This is the living room
You will sleep here tonight
This
What happened?
My mom
I told you that Ji Xuan will come tonight.
How can he sleep in a messy room?
I'm drunk
I do not remember anything.
They both slept in the same room tonight.
However, the two are lovers.
My opening must be wrong
What are you doing?
Accept the truth
I'm sorry
I'm sorry to close the floor today
This blanket and mattress.
Why is he missing?
I will hold my mother accountable
Your mother will not care for you.
What should we do?
Sleep together